---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 8"
---

The party enjoyed the free dinner in Pikur city centre. Talking to Zethra. She said they could discuss bussines afterwards. They tried to cheer up Ratatat to no avail. Djeke played a good song and cheered up te crowd a bit, among of which were Smoke and Fire. Boole tried to convert people to Xatar, mostly the junks and poor people.

Afterwards Zhetra discussed she could hire the party as deputies for the Koroktal. Daddy Ray had found out his friend Buk had died but they had no information otherwise. She was fair and explained that she was running in the leection for the next leader of the Koroktal, probably against Daddy Ray. Having this knowledge would help her in this process.

At the island they encountered Ratatat and got him to tears and explain what had happened. He said people kidnapped his family and murdered his little daughter, Sprink. They delivered her head in a box togheter with the note the found. He said he could still see her walking around in her pretty blue dress the morning she was taken.

The party attempts to persuade him that things are not as bad. But he will life out his life in an estate in the country side either way.

Zhetra then deputizes the party in the old office of Ratatat (now her office).  She explains the situation and explains that they probably went out to protect the mine from which the order get the recourses to equip their knights with good armor and weapons. Everyone in the party receives a +1 protection cloak, except Tomas who receives a +2 cloak of charisma (Zhetra explained there were some rumors going around on the island and that she knew this would help him better).

Zehtra explains that they can get horses which they can trade at Coast, the village at the edge of the desert where they can hire a guide, change their horses for camels and buy other gear for the desert. With their new capes they no longer require their weapons to be peace bounded within the city.

Boole had some problem with wearing a cape with the sign of the order of a different deity but he figured it out, put on the cape, and did not fall. So everything was all right.

They went to seek Mr. Beard and bought a wand of endure elements. Mr. Beard had a stone which could store a 'spell known'. They could by the stone, with the known spell in it, or trade a spell known for the one in the stone. That night it has Fog Cloud in it. The next day Blur, but they were too expensive or the party to poor.

They travelled to Coast and about 2 hours in they saw a car in the distance with two fellows nearby it. They were working on repairing a broken wheel Rafael the Raven of Djeke reported. They got closer and were suddenly engolved with flames.  The sorcerer Boole encountered last time ambushed them. The guys working on the wheel threw of their capes and reveiled a long sword and spear.

The burning hands of the sorcerer knocked out Arya and Tomas somewhere in the negatives. Djeke could heal them and the sorcerer quickly went down, bleeding as well.

Boole, in combat with the guy with the sword, rushed past his foe and splattered the head of the sorcerer, while he was already down and bleeding ... Xatar appareantly did not appreciate this all too much and faded his paladin powers for the next round. The guys were quickly disposed of. The loot consisted of the necklace of the sorcerer, which Tomas took, and boots of striding and jumping, which Boole took. They took the cart, which had two horses, and the masterwork weapons. The other 2 guys surrendered and got set free with their lives.

At Coast they sold the horses and the cart, and traded the horses of the Koroktal for camels. They bought stuff at the desert shop. The lady at the desert shop, which they conversed with quite a lot, said that they should find her nephew when they asked if there were any guides.

In the inn they found out that they had two options besides the novice guids and the medioocer guides. The nephew of the desert shop keeper, a guy who boasted had a brilliant mustache and an orange hat. He played the flute every once in a while to relax, albeit not too well. He always runs away from every problem, having a whole list of possible threats he "escaped" from. He sold himself quite well, that he was able to bring them everywhere. This was Oak.

The alternative was a half orc with an axe who said he beat the crap out of a lot of things. He lost his last clients but survived himself with a couple of arrows which still stuck out of his chest. His name was Grok.

They went with the flamboyant coward, Oak.

The next day they leave early and they encounter nothing but a couple of tumble weeds. Oak is enjoying the benefit of endure elements. A sandstorm approaches and Oak explains how to dig in with their sand tubes. The first stop is the oasis which they reach at night, delayed by the sand storm. Rafael scouts ahead and sees some giant insects. The party effectively slays the scorpions. Oak prepares the scorpion meat with nice spices while they scout the rest of the oasis.

A battle definitely took place there, they see lots of arrows etc. They also find a cave: In the cave they see carvings on the wall.  They seem prehistoric, albeit it might only be the style in which it is drawn.

Closer inspections show that the drawings might be more like hieroglyphs.

The drawings depict a man with a white dog-like creature, a shiny hammer and a strange looking cape. They need to make an intelligence check to understand the drawings. The higher their result is the better (and with more detail) they understand the drawings.

It tells a story about how the man travels through the desert making fun of the many people he encounters by assuming different personalities, including voices and different disguises.

Then one day he screwed with the king of a mighty city. This might be the king of the people who drew this.

There is promise of a reward for the person who brings the guy and his white "dog" to them.

They sleep the night in the cavern without much trouble. Mildred keeps watch.

They leave early again and nothing really happens as some tumble weeds roll past. Then they see a cloud of dust at the horizon. Oak says it is the halflings and that they should run. They wait for too long, discussing what to do while the halflings get closer. Arya casts invisibility on herself and on Tomas and they both walk away from the rest while they get their camels in a circle for protection.

The band of halflings, riding ostriches, have lots of hair. They wear leathery outfits, some of them have bucklers of some kind of sandy hide. Ostrich feathers are woven into their clothes. All have bows and arrows. They surround the party and starting encircling them, really quickly. There are about two dozen of them.  Some nearly trample the invisible Tomas and Arya as they try to get away.

Tomas in the mean while casts flaming sphere. Two ostriches and their riders are able to jump around the sphere but the last one hits it straight up and crashes into the ground. A bunch of halflings fire some arrows into the camels and the party.

A leader, who has especially awesome bracers approaches the party. He directs his fierce ostrich with his feet, keeping his hands free for action. "SORCERY!!" he shouts "surrender yourselfs for you shall be offered to Trebreh!". Arya, from the sideline casts some kind of greater illusion and tries her best to create Trebreh itself, between the party and the leader. With her telepathy she mimics a most intimidating voice and tells the leader that these are not the fellows they are looking for.

Djeke starts playing a desert song and fascinates the leader. Tomas crashes the flaming sphere into another group of ostriches. One is hit once more but keeps running.  Some fire some arrows again as a response but the majority keeps running around in circles whilst not firing arrows. Boole tries his best not to be intimidating.

The next round Djeke uses suggestion to suggest that the illusion really is Trebreh, then breaks the fascination. Arya telepathizes that the party should not be sacrificed. The leader asks "Should we just kill them then?". Arya explains that they should be left alone. The leader asks "But they are wearing the capes with the signs of our enemies!". Arya finds some answer and then uses telepathy to spread this message in all minds of all the halfings. Unfortunately not all halflings can receive the message due to the reach/range issues.

The leader explains to his followers that Trebreh in his infinite wisdom wishes that these people should be left alone. And all the halflings leave.

Oak is very impressed! They push on. They see a small tornado in the distance.  Oak says he mostly travels around these things. Unfortunately, the tornado moves to intercept the party as they try to evade it. It ends up crashing directly into the party.

In the tornado is a completely skinned creature with 2 scimitars and a viscious looking face. It screams and howls as it slashes at oak. The tornado does not disperse but instead damages anyone near the creature.

Boole thinks it is an undead. It is however, a desert devil. A hard battle ensues and the camel of Boole does not survive. The party eventually slays the beast. The summons of Tomas really helped a lot (huge fiendish centipedes ..  :S).

Oak even fired some arrows during this battle.

After the battle, Boole destroys the two +1 scimitars because they are evil. Oak says he can not cook this. Then they push on and make camp somehwere. That is where the session ends.
