---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

The party awakens (to Gare du Nord - Beautiful Day) and notice it is extremely hot. They also notice the environment has changed. A lot of vegetation as dried out. Where the fallen tree once was is now a young tree. The stone is gone.

Djeke climbs a tree and sees that the mountains etcetera have not changed. The river however has shrunk to only a very small stream.

Above the city they seem a large dust cloud.

The party decides to move out to the river and follow that to the city.

Larger patches of sand troubles the party, they slip away. That is, everyone but Boole. He seems to walk over the sand quite easily.

They see blink dogs in the surrounding. At some point one a dogs stands on the path, it is growling at the party. Arya wins initiative and whelms the dog. The dog blinks away.

The party looks around, Arya sees some dogs blinking through the trees. Then bam!, 4 dogs blink next to the party, surrounding it. The dogs seem starved.  A fight ensues, the dogs blink and blink and blink. The party manages to fight them off.

The river seems to be nothing more but a small stream of brownish water. They follow it down stream. They encounter a couple of tents, starved people lay inside. There is absolutely nothing of value left. Arya hears a something behind the tent. She feels the warmth and sandiness helps her cast the spells more powerful (+1 effective caster level on the DC) and she whelms the crocodile.

Djeke notices his newly gained whip is extremely hot. As he whiplashes the crocodile it flames! Dealing an addition 1d6 fire damage. They dispose of the crocodile, cook it, eat it and are even able to get 5 rations from what is left.

At the city they give some of their crocodile away to beggars, which attracts a LOT more beggars. Among them is a woman who begs the party to search for her little girl, Ilona. Her daughter is blond with blue eyes and she has freckles. One of the men who took her seemed to have grass for hair.

The party promises they shall do their best and move on.

Down the road they encounter a man with a beard. The man wears a cloak of feathers. The man is in combat with three thugs, luckily for him he seems to be wielding an enormous hammer, quite well.

The head of the hammer looks like a rough golden brick. The handle is striped.  Stripes of dark red, nearly blood red, alternate with stripes of a sort of grayish white color.

With the hammer he strikes one of his foes. A giant thunder sounds, and his foe nearly explodes.

A white hyena viciously aids him in his combat, it launches itself at the throat of the other foe, succeeds and ripes it apart.

The last fellow runs away, but the guy with the beard and the awesome feathery cloak summons what looks like a giant worm. The worm has spikes and sharp teeth. It buries itself and burst out of the ground underneath the fleeing guy, swallowing him whole. Then the worm disappears.

Tomas seems to grasp the way the man summoned this creature, his head warms up, but not in bad way. He feels his magical energy synergizing with the sand around them, feeling as if he could cast such a desert ally as well!

The guy then walks on and introduces himself to the party as Ton. They party is baffled, they warn him. Ton helps the party. He says they should go to the house (of Norptot), there they shall find the guy with grass for hair. But they will die if they approach directly. Instead they should find a cavern near a purple tent. But he should go now, because soon they will be after him!

The party finds the purple tent, sees the house in the distance, they find the cavern as well. They follow the cavern to a room.

In the middle of the room there are two altars. At the edge of each alter a girl hangs, upside down, on a cross, but their arms are lifted more upwards.  The altars have moats in them which lead to the centre of the room in strange patterns. The moats meet each other in the room, and there is a light source there. Not a natural one, for it emits a reddish light.

In a circle placed around this there are small plateaus on which various small items are placed. Further back, in the twilight of the red magical light two persons stand watch. They look quite armed and serious.

Even further back you sometimes see a shadow moving, it seems two creatures walk around in small circles, their tails wiggling, giving you the impression that they are out for blood.

Another person enters the room. He casts large shadows as he approaches the centre of the room. Even from this distance you can see he wears darkened, reflecting glasses for his eyes. He wears an utterly black cloak.

The girl on the right murmers "Grandfather, I am scared..". The man does not answer. He instead nods. The two men approach the girls and slit their wrists blood begins to poor and flows from their torn wrists into the moat.

Stein attempts to cast fire ball, but the man waves his hand and suddenly gravity reverses where the party is at. He only then looks up to the party and says "sure, you can watch if you want". Boole attempts to throw a dagger but it lands at the ceiling not far away.

The intensity of the light increases as the blood flows down the moats, through the patterns. The red light is shines crazily bright as the blood of the girls meets in the middle. The man begins walks to one plateau and picks up the item stationed on top of it. He seems to cast something and whatever he picks up vanishes in thin air. He does so for all the plateaus. Doing different kind of stuff at each one.

Then he steps into the middle, even from this distance you can sense something is wrong.

The man begins to float. His shadows dissapear. He utters an anguishing cry, screaming at the top of his longs: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

IT WAS THE LEAVES[^leaves]!

FIND HIM!

BRING HIM TO ME!

NOW!!!"

The two men speed away.

Their creatures follow post haste.

Sight vanishes. Everything turns black.


[^leaves]: leaves of the plant venemonom

The party awakens and notice increased humidity.  They also notice a humming coming from the tree. The tree looks like something has been beating at it savagely. Boole approaches the tree and retrieves a hammer! The hammer speaks to his mind in a high pitch voice "Boole, I love you!". Boole starts a conversation with the hammer while the rest of the party is baffled. Then they hear a twitch breaking and they see a gorilla hidden clumsily behind a tree. After he has been spotted they see the gorilla holds a stone: Ton.

Ton apologizes but explains that he had to show his story rather than tell it.  He says he met the druids but that he slowly found out they associated with evil. He says he sold them some venomenom leaves for 5000 gold. But then stole them back as the found out the druids socialized with some evil dude. He knew this would cost him a lot. He was captured but not before he hid the blood money and his hammer in this tree.

In the meanwhile the hammer only seems to speak to the one holding it. The hammer goes round the party so the hammer can introduce itself to all party members.

Personality/voice:

* Boole, high pitched voice
* Tomas, R&B kind of guy
* Arya, slow, nearly gay voice
* Djeke, low voice says: "sup?" And thats it.

The hammer says to more people that it likes their touch the best. The hammer explains that sometimes it can not communicate back, but Boole should just keep talking.

The party is confused when they find out the hammer apparently shares conflicting information in regards to the hammers favorite wielder. The ape begins jumping up and down frantically (as if amused).

Before the party and Ton separate ways Ton says: "When the need is most dire listen to the sandy voices in the wind".

The hammer fails to communicate on their way back to the city.
