---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 7b"
---

Sneak points out the house of Kak on the map. That is where the uncle and aunt of Djeke and Arya were taken. Djeke and Boole wait for Tomas and Arya to return from the temple. When they do they all share information.

Apparently the note is not found to be significant at all. They do decide to go and checkout the house. Once there they find that the doors and windows to the house are all completely shut. Tomas snake scouts the house and finds two archers sitting on top of the roof.

The house has a balcony and a second floor.

Their plan is hatched as followed: Arya shall cast silence and spider climb on Boole. Boole shall then charge the archers on the roof.

Obviously the archers immediately spot Boole, sound the alarm and start firing arrows at Boole. All the arrows miss (I believe they could not even hit Boole in his full plate). Boole shouts, but all his noise is silenced and no one hears one of the archers being splattered to death by Booles hammer once Boole finally reached the roof. The other archer flees.

The rest of the party approach the house and climb on the balcony. They hear people prepare for battle inside. Boole walks back down to the balcony and then walks back up the roof and starts jumping to try and crash through the roof.

Unbeknownst of the party, inside the house on the second floor a sorcerer casts burning hands at where he sees the roof bouncing up and down. The roof catches fire and Boole falls down, taking falling damage and fire damage. Inside is another dude with chain male, shield and long sword. And a guy with a black cloak, a red bandanna and a necklace with a flame.

A fight ensues where the guy in chain mail bullrushes Boole so the sorcerer can cast spells. Boole actually scored a critical on the guy with his attack of opportunity but the area is silenced so his thundering hammer had no additional effect... Ah what a great plan indeed.

In the coming 5 rounds or so Boole looses to flaming sphere, magic missiles and the dude with the sword guarding the sorcerer while outside Arya waits (for the door to open), Djeke tries to bash in the door and Tomas casts scorpions that also attempt to bash in the door. Parts of the roof fall, burning, down and when Boole eventually reaches 0 HP uses his lay on hands when finally a wall collapses. The party quickly disposes of the guy with the sword, and the sorcerer disappears. He actually casted invisibility, Boole failed the spot check to see the invisible guy (even though he had a lot of pluses on his spot since there was a lot of smoke of course) and fails to notify the party about this additional guy. Hence the party does not know there was another guy and can not act on this knowledge (oh so much awesome loot for Tomas that they will just not find).

Boole heals himself a bit with the wand then storms downstairs, spider climbing over the wall. He storms into the next chamber where he scares away 2 other archers.

While the building burns down around them they loot the place for some papers and Djeke finally finds a secret trap door. They all enter the trap door where they are ambushed by The Boss (rogue/swashbuckler dude). Djeke nearly dies, then Tomas nearly dies while Boole upstairs finds it more important to grab a bottle of booze standing around and even to take a sip of said booze before going downstairs.

With the orbs they found in the caverns they can see the whole underground place. A heavy fight ensues and they are finally able to free the tied op Kor and Katana. They find a lot of magical items loot (+2 AC bracers, +2 studded leather armor, +1 short sword, 3 magical coins, one of which matches one they already found). In this fight Boole charged a blind and stunned guy (strike 2!).

They wait a couple of hours for the fire to die upstairs before they leave while the sun comes up. Boole prays near the burned down building and receives some hints while praying that charging defenseless guys really is not all right.

They sleep in to about 3 o clock. Then Djeke goes out to the woods to find a raven. Boole checks at the church (it is going well with Kirby's reading lessons). Arya walks around the city and sees Ti-ak the bard sing paradies about them, a lot of people laugh at there when they recognize she is the one from the songs! Tomas reads his book about dragons.

When Djeke returns the next day they hear bells ringing, people are starting to gather at the town square in Pikur city centre. Knights of Ke Tur (among of which is Tor), Ratatat and Zhetra have an announcement. They say that it has been a fortnight since a large part of their best knights have left for the desert and that since they have not returned yet they must assume the worst.

Tonight they shall provide a large dinner for the very hard times to come. Also they shall start training people how to wield a weapon so they can protect themselves. People should lock their doors at night and watch out. That was the whole announcement.

And that is how the session ends.
