---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 4b"
---

The party finds a spy hole in the wall in the left hallway. They immediately break down the wall which takes about 15 minutes. On the other side packs of summoned dire rats attack the party.

They continue walking for a bit and find a couple of skeletons at another dead end. In the full plate they find 2 potions (purple liquid, smells and tastes like wood), which they desperately need. Djeke takes the mwk chain shirt because he needs it and Boole the full plate (because why not?).

After another dead end they back track and suddenly Boole falls down a pit trap. It takes a bit of effort to get him out of the pit, and they were even under fire a bit (projectiles flying by) during the process.

In the next hallway they see a greenish light at the end. Once there they enter a large hallway. A lion, the wolf and a druid is waiting there for them. A battle ensues, Boole battles the wolf while the rest battle the lion. The druid is monologueing:

> You dare come into my lair? MY LAIR?!?!?! Are you mad! NONE of the FOOLS who have treated upon our shelter have survived. What makes you think you can succeed where others stood without a chance? DELIRIOUSNESS? DRUGS?
> 
> AM I a question talker? Yes I am!
> 
> Are you going to DIE?! YES YOU ARE!!
> 
> WHERE are you going to die?!? RIGHT HEREEEE!!!!
> 
> MUWHAHAHAHAHAAH (repeat laughter)

When the lion is defeated, at a most dire time, the druids says something like "OH -- SHIT!!!!"

And he and his wolf retreat. Leaving the party in the large room:

* There hang two orbs from the ceiling, emitting a greenish light.
* There is a large desk with papers and a comfortable chair.
* Crates of purple shrooms are in one corner.
* There is a sign on the ground they find out is of Betrop
* There are book closets with books in them
* There is vegetation and even some trees
* There is a cabinet with booze, and a headband with a stone around it
* There hangs a scorpion whip tail from the wall.

Arya immediately picks up the headband, and the stone sounds of a deafening alarm. She puts it back but the alarm does not stop, she finally checks searches for a book on how to operate the stone and finds the command word: "Dont touch me, dont dont touch me" and the stone unwraps. She puts the headband on, and with her new found intellect deduces it must be a +2 int headband.

Djeke walks up the to booze and the whip and embraces it gracefully. Lighting his pipe while he inspects the desk. On the desk they found lots of notes, some in druidic and one note that says: "Proceed with operation purple undoing".

They take all the papers with them. Boole grabs a couple of shrooms.

Boole checks the closet on which the booze and the headband + stone was, finds two waterskin pouches and immediately takes a sip of one of them. He takes 5 points strength damage, and a minute later another 1. He drops the full plate he found earlier.

Boole The Drinker Of Posions searches the book closet for interesting books but finds none. Tomas finds one about dragons!

Wolves suddenly enter the room but they are quickly disposed of. While they take down the orbs they are attacked by a swarm of monkeys. A LOT of 1 points of damage is dealt by both sides. Boole actually killed one after hitting it with his hammer 3 times (oh the poison). They do not kill the monkeys, but the disappear back to the plane they came from after a couple of rounds.

The party then proceeds to explore the rest of the caverns. Eventually they find a room with stone cabinets in them, they look like prisons. A voice speaks in their minds: "Heelloooooo!!!!" It is Ton.

Ton says they should hurry, people are behind them. The party smashes the wall where he says so and a small cave in blocks out two druids and the wolf and another animal companion just in time.

Ton explains that the party should take his hand, and let it be real. (Samsara Blues Experiment - Double Freedom, plays) He knows a way out but will only tell the party if they shall aid him in his escape from his prison. This involves a ritual. Boole swears he shall help him, the party says they will also participate in the ritual.

The party finds out he is in a giant stone, and that he has been there for a very long time. They break out by destroying a piece of wall where Ton says they should. They carry the stone, which is a lot of work, through a natural cavern to the open air. It is night.

Ton shows them the way, explaining that he has contact with his friends again.  He shows them a safe place to sleep for the night and even shows them how what they can eat for breakfast. Along the way Ton says they should forage different kind of berries, roots, leaves, nuts etc. They traverse through Blink Dog territory but Ton explains they are not harmful if the party does not impose on their sovereignty, OR if the Blink Dogs are very hungry it actually creates a buffer between them and potential evil dudes who chase em.

Along the way Ton explains that he had been captured because he stole something, they tortured his friend in front of his eyes, then tortured him for as long as his body was able to sustain it. Then they increased what his body could sustain even more magically. When he finally he would die, an evil man put him inside a stone and locked him there. FOREVER!

Finally they reach a place with an old fallen over leave. Ton says a couple of nuts are the last ingredient. A paste is made from all the ingredients and put on the stone and their faces. It is night as they start, and Djeke plays some more Samsara to all get in the right ambiance.

They should sit in a circle hold hands (two of them holding the stone), then their vision blurs and Arya fails the first will safe, blacking out. Some of the party members get rather angry that they were apparently tricked into doing this.

Their sound warps.

Tomas and Djeke fail their will saves and pass out.

Boole "falls" backward, lies down and watches the stars. He soon feels he is among the stars one of them. And then he also passes out (will safe fail as well).

Then, in the real world, we got some food from the Indian guy.
