---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

Starting where we left of, Boole and Arya are outside the Tan Tannery, they go in and they see a scared dude with a dog on a leash in one corner. He is so afraid the two just decide to loot the place for the masterwork leather armors they find here. They then go back to the inn where they wait for Djeke and Tomas to return. Arya goes to sleep while Boole meditates.

3 hours later Djeke and Tomas return with a strange coin and a bag which spawns animals if they throw it far enough (this took some time). At some point they notice a warehouse is (next to the inn) is set on fire.  They run outside, but Arya who was later as she had to don her armor sees a huge shadowy wolf jump from roof top to roof top down the street. They help the citizens to put out the fire until knights of the order arrive who magically create water to put out the fire. Afterwards the party has some talk but the only thing they learn is rumors about giants beasts terrorizing the city since it has been founded.

The next day Arya trades the two masterwork leather armors for one masterwork studded leather armor. Then the whole party goes to Sneak, to report what they have learned. Sneak gives them one more potion and a ring.  Djeke tries to impres her by playing a song. She says that you can only be as good as your informants and suggests that the party finds one. She can offer rewards for evidence of a blow against The Band.

The party goes to the safe house, but meets Bubs along the way. He offers to do some investigation work on their behave if they "hook him up". Having given all their shrooms to Sneak they instead pay him. The party knew of some guy name Kak (a captain of The Band), which seems to be a suitable target.

Afterwards, Djeke does a gather information while Boole, Tomas and Arya go to the island of the order. There Boole presents a present from his home land to Zhetra, talks about Gods and their divine manners, and wants to pray along. Zhetra finds the discussion on religion amusing, but can not open the present. Only Keth can and he just left for an expidition through the desert (fighting undead).  Zhetra also explains how the council controls the city. Booles present is a small black box. They are going to open it together when Keth returns in hopefully 3 or 4 days.

Djeke in the mean time finds out about basic operations through a gather info check. A second gather info on druids (and their attack fails miserably). After the party reunites they divide their loot (some in a party pot, some split to the persons).

The next day they meet Bub again, he is super high inside a building. He fails his action about 50% of the time, but jumps almost magically. He keeps his promise on the intell, which is good. Djeke plays Lucy in the Sky with diamonds for him.

The party then goes to the house Bub had described. Arya first buys three shrooms of some guy (after he receives the money he whistles and points up three fingers), some other guy hands Arya the shrooms.

Arya then returns when it is quiet on the street and charms the drugs dealer. He is able to get the password to the house from him in this way.

At night the party raides the house. The knock on the door, and the door opens after they speak the password (Green Rabbit). The intel of Bub is right as there are 3 guys, 1 in heavy armor, 2 in leather armor (one of which uses daggers). The party recognizes the two in leather: Penka and the one who was with him in the house previously.

Penka goes down quickly, but the guy in the heavy armor knocks Boole unconsious. After a heavy fight they manage to disable the three of them.  Boole is healed up and they step through the door, where Kak was working.

Kak looks up from his papers, sighs, and then jumps up and hits Boole in the throat. After a short skirmish he runs up stairs, the party follows but there is fires at them with a magical sling. Then after a short fight in which Kak punched and kicked some of the party he goes down by an arrow of Arya which goes straight trough is left eyeball.

They loot the stuff (finding some 200 gold, the sling and booze), and get away. Outside the house some dudes with clubs seem to gather ...

At the inn they meet Sneak who, as always, appears out of nowhere. She gives a masterwork short sword, and a potion (whih "helps you see better in the dark"), and some (1000) gold. Being impressed by Djeke who agains sings songs to her she agrees on a date (dinner, place to be decided by Djeke).

She does not have any more missions for the party but she will definitely let them know if she has new targets. She agrees to fence the sling for the party so they will not have to go through the trouble of selling their sling at some black market.
