---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 6"
---

The party immediately walks back to town, taking somewhat more than halve a day. Arya's leg is all messed up because of the rat bite she sustained in the caverns, so shes being a pussy and lays on top of Booles mount X.

At the citys gate the guards want a couple of gold pieces to let in Booles crazy mount and the sick Arya. This all most escalates but luckily not too far. The party has entered the southern part of time and nothing really happens there. Next to The Boar (an inn) there is a small temple of Ke Tur.  they have a slight discussion with the priest of Ke Tur. Boole tries to convert the guy to Xatar but the guy says they should go to temple island to get healed.

At the temple island they walk in around mess time. The man they saw preaching last time is now preaching again, and already the crowd is going wild. The guy is flaming, but only slightly. The spell caster do not know the spell but find out is works similarly to the Fire Shield spell.

Two Koroktal knights bring in a thug of the streets, a man similar to those the party has fought. The preacher says he shall have the light of Ke Tur shine in the guy! He is let go and given a dagger. The preacher talks into the now assaulting guy. The arm with the dagger is raised ready to strike at the defenseless body of the preacher, but then he drops it. His body is now also enflamed. And in stead of striking the preacher he hugs him. The crowd, naturally goes even more wild.

Afterwards, Zhetra talks to the preacher. When the party approaches Zhetra introduces the party to the preacher. His name is Ratatat. The party explains that they have found out great things and they should should talk. Ratatat invites them to his office. There Arya and Tomas notice a letter with what looks like has the same handwriting as their note they found in the cavern which said 

> Proceed with operation purple undoing -SLM-

Ratatat quickly puts that note and his other mess of papers aside.

Ratatat explains how the raiding party has not come back and that they just received word that a well has dried up. He says they should not worry and trust in Ke Turs ways. He has a way with word meaning that every one of the party likes this fellow and trusts what he says. They even talk about the package Boole brought with him, which is right there in a corner!

Eventually the party requests aid of the clerics. With two clerics, Tor and Piek they go to the place where they found an entrance to the caverns. Along the way they talk about how they trust Ratatat but how they are extremely worried for the raiding party. Piek is new and not yet fully trained. Tor was not selected to go with on the raiding party. He does tell an awesome story on his toughest raiding party adventure to the desert.

Once they reach the place where the hole should be they just notice a strange patch of rock where the opening should be. Boole starts hacking away, but in the end Tor casts a spell and melts the rock away. They can see a small opening down the hole.

Arya and Djeke try to find a stone masonry dude. They find one after lots of hours drinking in inns (they also find out dudes are after the party). Djeke then goes to where the guy lives, in a wealthy neighborhood in Pikur city centre. It is already 1 o clock but he starts playing anyway. Good enough so that the people who begin with shouting because they are being woken up actually start to listen. The guy explains that he is willing to help, the expensives should be covered though! He shall try to craft a chair in the rocks together with his workers.

Tomas snake scouted out some traps. They set off some trip wires safely (by throwing sticks). Arya tries to sneak past the next but falls in a trap pit which is located right after the trip wires. They manage to get through the traps okay.

They did not map right from the start so they get lost a little bit, they break through one wall (at the dead end they first fought the stone elemental), and find a room filled with Betrops signs and a skinned deaf fellow, presumably offered to Betrop. They quickly close the door and back track, taking the correct way the second time. They have a fierce fight with a druid which summons all kinds of creatures. After Djeke casted Tasha's hideous laughter they manage to knock out the druid and win the fight! Too bad Piek got shredded in the process.

After the fight Tor compliments the party for their odd fighting methods, but he does not seem to mind the arcane nature of their capabilities.

They loot the body and then move onwards to the mushroom room, nothing of value is there. It seems stripped of everything valueable. Just a couple of tiny mushrooms which might have fell out of crates. They continue to the prison, wanting to find an extra way in. Tor only agrees to walk the extra miles (in stead of the normal exit) if he gains something from it. He finally gets the mwk sickle which was looted from the Druid.

Tor brings them back to the city, entering it through Trakla castle (the soldiers salute Tor). At the temple they wake up Ratatat. Tor briefs him quickly. The druid is then taken to the dungeon of the temple where they put him in a iron harness which is chained to the wall. Ratatat actually tried to convert the guy, but failed.

Mundane (non-torturing) questioning techniques do not work. Ratatat says they should try their real ways, and he dismisses the guard. Then Arya charms the druid and he explains that the druid order of Betrop has vowed to repay their debts. They should do this because their predecessors have made a huge mistake trusting somebody when the city was founded. He also explains that he will escape and that his brethren will destroy civilization because they are everywhere and will never give up etc.

Afterwards the party can sleep in a house at temple island which belonged to one of the soldiers who is now raiding the desert.

The next day Arya makes sure Zhetra knows she has fought well! Zhetra (who once suggested Arya would go clean instead of fight for a living) says she was wrong and is actually proud on Arya. She says Ratatat is her teacher, but she is not as awesome as him.

Then the party goes to the main land. They have free passage on the sailing ship now, for their awesome deeds! There everyone starts to do different things. Boole starts preaching Xatar (to have the guys looking after the party come to them) and Tomas stays with Boole. Arya disguises herself and goes to talk to people who know who are after them. Djeke starts working on his reputation and plays the ukelele.

## Boole & Tomas
No one is really interested in Xatar. Boole is preaching at nearly the safest spot in town: the market place of Pikur city centre. After a while though, he is recognized by someone: it is Kirby (the guy who was converted to Xatar and promised to start building a church for Xatar). Kirby takes Boole and Tomas all the way to the most crappiest part of town: there he shows his progress. A couple of wooden pillars stand and 1 wall is halve built. Kirby says he has already received some other donations! But he still needs 100 gp. This is okay by Boole and Tomas who expected a lot more.

They even give him money so he can learn to write and read. Starting with Boole's 10 commandments. Next time they speak they shall do their true test whether or not he truly believes (Boole's spell only heals followers of his god)

## Arya
Arya is disguised and ends up near the angry troll. She spots Ti-ak the bard, walks up to him says "Hey Ti-ak". Ti-ak obviously does not recognize Arya and grabs his (unbounded) sword. But does not pull it out of is sheath. Arya notices a guy in the crowd coming closer as she tries to explain herself but fails. She feels a sharp object in her back She decides to go in for a grapple to get a real Mexican stand off going. The guy behind her misses his attack of opportunity but also fails to the grapple. She now insults the guy behind her (saying he is ugly or something) which really pissed of Ti-ak. Ti-ak slices her across the chest. Then Arya agrees to follow up their conversation in the alley where she reveals her true identity.

Ti-ak now changes his attitude, of course he would be nice to Djekes sister!  They go into a back room of the Angry Troll, he wants to sell the information for 10 gp (in regards to who is after them). Arya finds this very expensive but fails to negotiate a better price. She accepts and Ti-ak offers her beer and says "The Band" is behind him. The main guy is quite acrobatic and there even is a guy with a two bladed sword! They should really look out for that. - Tomas (out of character) says this does not sound scary, actually the whole party is totally convinced they have bigger fish now... Ill teach em. -.

Arya, not really satisfied now wants to be healed. Djeke says he cant but it is obvious he is totally lying. The situation quickly heats up once more and Arya tries to charm Djeke, is struck and nearly dies when Xar stabs her in the back while she attempts so. Djeke is now charmed, heals her but still refuses to say he is sorry! Arya will make him say sorry some other time, she says.

## Djeke
Djeke is playing on the ukelele when a man approaches. He is wearing fancy clothes. He says "Djeke... is that really you?". The guy explains he is Djeke's uncle: Kor. He heard stories which matched the descriptions of his long lost nephew and cousin. Djeke is a little bit suspicious but agrees to go with him to see his house where he is invited for dinner later this evening.

So later in the evening he comes back with Arya. For the lay out of the house see the Book of Most Deadly Scenarios. He is an inventor, he made the heating system for the bath but his inventions are not very popular and thus he mostly sells farming equipment. Their aunt name is Katana, she sells spices.

They say they last saw the children when they were very young, when Djeke got the ukelele on some birth day.

Their shop was recently busted up. They had to put all their saving moneys together so they could re open. They say they are afraid that it will happen again.

They also tell some back story on their father and mother. Their father was a warrior who protected the little city they lived in. Their mother incredibly hot.  Many attempted to court their mother but only their father was impressive enough to succeed. He unfortunately got injured during the defense of the small city against some band of trolls. Afterwards they decided to move to a safer city but they were never heard from again.


