---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

After Djeke and Arya finish dinner with their new uncle Kor and aunt Katana Dunerider ("you can call me mom!") they go to their store. It is indeed the store The Band destroyed a while ago. A cross the street is Tomas' house. They meet up with the party and Boole promises to sleep at the shop and protect it.

Kor and Katana explain some business: Terpak is trying to expand northward and the house of Pikur does not like that much. The guy of Pikur who should become the next tax collector was murdered. It is all very nasty.

They then go to the Massacrin and ask the bartender if Occam's razor is real.  The bartender sighs, says that he should just cut the damn thing of. Fifteen minutes later Mr. Beard arrives. They bargain for a Bag of Holding Type II and a wand of cure light wounds. Mr. Beard wants an advance but promises he has the items tomorrow at the same time.

The party then goes to bed, Boole in the shop. Tomas in the house at the other side of the street of the shop. There he finds Mildred (Booles heavy war tar) chewing on some of his bed sheets. His room is not too big so he decided to just sleep at the Rakno's and sons inn. Djeke and Arya sleep in the workshop in the house of their aunt and uncle. Schemes were made to steal the note they saw in Ratatats office.

At night the shop is attacked by 4 thugs, some low level dudes and a dude with a breast plate and a two bladed sword. Boole with his mount take care of business (nearly losing Mildred in the process). At the end the guy with the two bladed sword runs away, Boole tries a heal check not wanting to waste his energy (lay on hands) on the fellow. The guy dies in his hands. These thugs were very obviously of The Band, Boole recognized the logo.

At the house Djeke and Arya are awakened by someone walking on the roof. Arya casts spider climb on Djeke. They hear the person on the roof falling off (@#!^ natural ones). Djeke tries to cast entice gift on the guy but the guy succeeds his will save. The guy (again a guy from The Band they see) runs away.  Arya casts haste on herself and they both run after the guy. They just see the guy climbing on another roof. Djeke naturally follows (having spider climb and everything).

Eventually the guy ends up blinded and nauseated (constant feeling of falling) for a couple of rounds. Petrified he sits down for cover on the roof. He was able to flip a coin calling in the aid of four buddies. Archers on another roof top who fire 4 arrows each round.

When he finally is not blinded anymore (he drank a potion along the way), he stands up, looks Djeke in the eyes, takes a 5 ft. step, and slices away. Three hits later and Djeke is at -4. "Fuck you, you piece of shit" he screams angrily while Djeke goes down. Arya hears that something goes wrong and runs to aid her brother. 4 Arrows later and Arya is at 1 hp. The guy is gone, the other 4 guys are running away and Arya desperately tries to stabilize her brother.

They succeed and survive to fight another day (The aunt was able to mix up some disinfecting spices etc).

The next day the party meets up, shares info etc. They go to the church (of Xatar that is being built) to give Booles horse to Kirby.

They encounter Ti-ak and his friend Xar along the way. Ti-ak explains that he thought it would be fair to warn the party that The Band is not looking for them any longer, but that they actually have found the party already! The party is not impressed with this new information, last night being rather deadly after all. Djeke tries to force the guy to apologize to his sister and Arya tries to whelm Xar. On the street! Just madness! Ti-ak and his friend decide to retreat flipping the finger whilst walking away.  

Once at the church they see a strong, massive guy called Mr. Nice Guy who always looks extremely angry helping Kirby. Boole detects evil and sees Mr. Nice Guy is evil. Kirby explained he hired the guy to help built the church. Boole tells him to be cautious. Then they find out the horse is a really crappy gift for the church and they conclude that they should find another party to present the horse to. They also notice some quality wood next to the church! Boole insults Kirby and receives STRIKE ONE from the DM (warning to lose paladin powers).

They purchase courtiers outfits with the required bling. The guards and people are now all acting nice towards the party. And bedrolls.

They go to Massacrin and talk to the bar man. The bar man does not want to be associated with the party but drops some words that another organization called Klik is running things and is moving in the power vacum left behind by The Band.  The bartender eventually just walks up stairs, slamming the door shut behind him.

They find another guy in the Massacrin who is willing to meet them outside. They hand him some coin and is becomes very eager to tell about the Klik. He explains Klik are not some random thugs, in the city they do appear so. But they also raid the countryside. Farms and tax collectors. Furthermore they have some black knights which are extremely fearsome. When asked about The Band he points to a random house and the party knows he is lying about that. He also knows where the fallen paladin lives (the fallen paladin of the stories who was tricked into slaying innocents). He says the paladin shall find the party rather than the other way around.

They do go to the house of the fallen paladin and when Boole tries to open the door he is reminded that he actually needs to built the church REAL bad! Boole runs off. The party finds out an enchantment spell is in effect. They decide not to proceed further instead wait for tonight for their magic items. That happens without any problems (after they received the wand they were required to pay the rest of the money, then they were told where to find the bag which was in a tree protected by an illusionary wall in the druid enclave). The bag is actually a bag pack with two pouches on either side. The pouches can hold 20 pound work like a hash map. The main comportment can hold 500 pound (a combo between Howards handy sack or something and the bag of holding).

They decide they can not steal the note tonight because Arya's spells are still depleted. They all sleep at the shop. Nothing happened during the night but the next day Kor and Katana do not arrive. Having a bad feeling Boole and Arya jump on the horse and ride towards the house. There they see a kicked in door, signs of struggle but no family. Obviously Kor and Katana have been kidnapped!

They find Sneak who thinks this is all terrible and will do their best to help them. Then they go to temple island to talk with Ratatat to try and question the captured druid once more. Arya succeeds on a sence motive check and thinks Ratatat is lying, and that he does not believe everything is all right with the rading party.

The druid explains a bit more about Klik (that indeed have crazy knights) and he explains the evil deity Shyama (always whisper Shyama!!) and how her followers always plan enormous schemes from the shadows to finally destroy all living things with undead. He explains the plan behind purple undoing was to weaken the city.

Arya and Tomas stay at the island and at night Arya steals the note. The casting attracted two guards (among which was Tor) but Tomas bluffed that he and Arya were doing the business (Wink). Tor is happy for Tomas. Arya has an easy time being invisible, silenced and spider climby  and has no difficulty obtaining the note from the desk of Ratatat. When she has the note, Ratatat enters notices the silence. Arya flees and Ratatat closes the window.

The note said: 
> Prevent any help to the raiding party or I kill another ...
> -SLM-

Arya and Tomas, reunited, wait half an hour and then head for the ferry. The ferry man says no one is to leave the island and calls Ratatat. Tomas tries to bluff Ratatat that he was doing the business with Arya. The bluff check fails, but only slightly. Ratatat gives Tomas a long hard stare, then he says "Okay then, you are free to go. I only have and always had the best for this island. I hope you understand.". Tomas wishes him luck and they both leave.

At the house (of Kor and Katana), Boole and Djeke have repaired the door and are sleeping in the shop when they hear a knock on the door. They find a panicked Sneak who tells them she knows where their family is! They are being held in a building by The Band!

End of session.
