---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

Boole is aided to don the black full plate Suzan left behind. Zultan remains at the door While the party discusses what to do next. Zultan hears lots of footsteps/draggings echoing through the caverns. The party decides to finally utilize the potion Sneak gave them (it helps you see in the dark!).

Zultan sneaks out and follows the slow moving group throughout the caverns. This takes nearly an hour. He sees some of the mummies carry a coffin. At a certain point Zultan follows the group into a larger and broader cavern. The walls and the floor is of better quality.

In the meanwhile, the rest of the party waits patiently. But not Boole. When he hears footsteps in the distance he walks towards the sound. The party has no choice but to follow him.

Zultan in the meanwhile sees the group halt and extract a large death dog from a large room. The dog instantly smells him and is given the order to "go get him, boy". A chase ensues as Zultan flees. Luckily the party is not too far. Zultan manages to get back to the party without loosing too much health. Djeke casts grease the moment Zultan is within the ranks. The large death dog chases, slips and is slaughtered.

The party, having created a choke point with the grease awaits as the mummies approach. When they are within sight a large bat flies in. It changes into a Suzan, wearing a beaten down leather armor, who sticks to the ceiling.

Zultan charges and thus breaks the partys defensive line as Suzan fires scorching rays at the party from the ceiling. Zultan becomes dominated and he hands over the Phoenix feathers.

Things are looking grim, Arya and Djeke also move forward, creating another choke point with more grease. When Boole finally charges forward things change, he uses Choir the Undead Deader well as slashes through the mummies with ease.  Suzan loses domination over Zultan (badly played as we later found out). Arya continues to taunt the vampires.

In the battle that follows Suzan some times retreats back to gain more health.  Spells are casted, and dispelled, zombies die.

When the last of the zombies die the cleric and Suzan attempt to retreat, but it is too late. In a final attempt they both charge forward. Suzan grapples Arya and manages to do some cone damage (blood sucking thingy), while the cleric casts bestow cure on Boole (You may win this battle, but by Shyama, I curse you!  Or something like that).

Zultan and Mildred chase after the once again fleeing cleric. The cleric drinks a potion of cure serious wounds (though the party does not know this yet) as he screams "my live for Shyama".

What follows is massive grapple madness. It began with Arya being grappled, but Boole joined in. Then Mildred and Zultan, when they got back, tried to join as well. Boole and Arya both received two negative levels during this madness, bringing Arya down to -9 hp. Djeke healed her up great though. Lots of charged of the wand of cure light wounds were used in this battle (on the party but also on Suzan).

Mildred manages to pin Suzan, she assumed gaseous form once more. Then she casts Expeditious Retreat and she is gone.

The party inspects the room where the large death dog came from. They find a pile of human limbs and find three dog tags (those of squad C - leader IIRC), the symbol of Shyama painted on the ground (desecrated ground but the party does not know this yet either), and they find magical (laboratory) equipment.
