---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

As the party wanders on they hear a unnaterally loud wolf cry. They continue to get to the sun tower to get some rest. Once there they encounter Suzan. A pack of wolves chill around her.

Suzan is staring outside *through* the window. She says she hates this place; its too sunny. Once she loved the sun, and loved to walk around in the warm sunlight. She never do that anymore.

She turns around and says that this fake sunlight seems like an appropriate place to die. She points at Boole and says that even though they might have done a good job here. Her master is wrecking up the city.

**Roll initiative**

Zultan has two levels drained, and he was not to happy about that. They dispose of the wolves and are able to kill Suzan quite easily. She changes, once more, in a gas cloud. They follow the gas cloud deep into the mines. There it disposes. At least Zultan has one of his feathers back!

They rest and the next day they explore the rest of the mine. They find all other knights except for Keth. Deep in the mine they find a Stone Spike. It is a creature that obeys commands but is not really bright. With its stoney spikes it is able to dig tunnels. The party finds out it does not understand anything about questions not about diggin tunnels. It just wiggles confused when that happens. They do find out it likes to dig a particular kind of stone better than the regular kind (Nita is this particular stone). Djeke has knowledge dungeoneering and happily finds out that it is indeed a slightly different kind of stone.

The party carries on. They leave the mine and Zultan persuades the party to travel through the mountains. Oak is wise enough not to try this and leaves the party. He takes the partys camels with him per request.

The path through the mountains is tricky. There are tracks of bugbears around.  At some point they see an ape sitting on the stone in a valley ahead. It is not really out of the way so they decide to go there, as they hope the gorilla is Tons.

Halfway through they spot they are about to be ambushed by bugbears! Out of the darkness of the caverns tough bugbears jump them. Arya is nearly bullrushed down the mountain, but Zultan barely manages to grab her.

They are able to quickly dispose of the bugbears, but run away and escape.  Shortly after the battle they start hearing war drums. They decide to enter the caverns. The sound of approaching doom gets louder when suddenly it stops. They hear the bugbears scream for their surrender or they will be eaten.

The party, except Djeke, steps outside. The bugbears start smashing their shields and scream at them to intimidate them (Booles auro negates it). PREPARE TO BE EATEN FOOLS! They scream.

But then, suddenly, they all become quiet. They clear a path and an ape with a stone emerges. Its Ton!

Ton calms the crowd, and it quickly disperses. Ton catches up and explains that he uses the bugbears to built him an outfit for the ape so the ape can bring him to the desert. Now, bugbears are constantly bringing fruit and caught animals.  They built a fire and throw all the meat in a giant cooking pan. Ton gives some hints about the vampires and the missing feather. The party gives him the desert outfits which the bugbears might use better than their current creation. 

As it gets dark the war drums are used to play some sort of music. While they feast on the crazy food and fruits. The bugbears get drunk. Ton dispatches two of them to gather wood for an additional fire to burn Tomas corpse. Which they eventually do.

<pre>
-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----
Version: GnuPG v1
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=mtBW
-----END PGP MESSAGE-----
</pre>
