---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

Not having found Boole, Djeke and Arya walk away from the magical gate and back towards the throne room. They do not know what to do with the giant vat of poison. In the end Djeke puts some of the poison on his dagger. Then they load up the sacks of grain and food on the horses and start heading back to Korokno through the caverns.

Enkidu, a black druid with a beard arrives at the gate of Korokno. The guards on top of the wall immediately sound the alarm and close the gate. Nervously they see how a barded (with armor) tiger and Enkido bow for the gate. Enkido attempts to convince the guards that they would do no harm.

Conveniently Arya and Djeke arrive with their loaded horses. They accept Enkido and find out he is the brother of Boole and explain to the guards that they will take responsibility.

They catch up with what happened and meet with Serilious (spelling?) at the docks. Djeke and Serilious bond over their crazy intelligents birds and what not. They disperse some of their food to the local populace there which stirs up the place quite a bit. Especially when Enkidu creates water to go with it. A guard tells them they should get on the boat and make this no worse. And so they do. They left the horses tied up to the docks because there was no place for the horses on the boat.

On the island they meet up with Zhetra is not happy that they lost Boole and Zelton. She is happy with the food Arya and Djeke brought though. With Enkidu she seems content as he can make the land more fertile. She is thrilled when she learns that Serilious has responded on the letters requesting assistance. She says that Korokno does not have enough food, that there is a vampire lord, that there is some black guards place with a magical gate, and that all these things are no good for Korokno.

Serilious responds that he can locate the vampire immediately. He starts doing this while Djeke, Arya and Enkido start scrying for Boole.

Serilious does find one vampire in the city. It is a large house in the middle of square somewhere in Kaak. He does not want to approach it further as some thugs are watching him from an alley. He walks backs and meets up with Arya, Djeke and Enkido who decided they want to scry from the church Boole built.

Once there they find out the church is beautiful and completely built.  Unfortunately, some men kidnapped Kirby 2 nights before and thus the church is empty. The only thing wrong with the church is the hammer which had fallen of the holy symbol of Xatar. The neighbors are all too scared to talk, thinking they might be called snitches. They convince one man (and give away some gold to orphans) who tells them not much more, except that the men were from the organization called Klik (sort of the new "the band").

Then they scry on Boole:

> It is a dark place and in the background they can just make out some laboratory equipment.
>
> There are two figures, one looks like a vampire, one as a construct (warforged, mm III, p 190) standing around Boole. Zelton is brought in by the black guard.  Boole does not looke like himself and is talking half gibberish to the hammer.  Sometimes he looks afraid, sometimes he looks angry, most of the time he has the 1000 miles stare.
> 
> One guy has dark reflecting glasses. He is wearing a havy black robe that is ornated with "bladgoud". On his shoulder pads and behind his head is some sort of large antler with sharp things, making him look that much more impressive than the last time. The black guard refers to him as "lord".
> 
> He focusses on the sensor and says that the party is just in time to witness his latest project come to fruitition. Boole is asked to kill Zelton. He does so with one blow, with the hammer (thundering), splattering Zeltons head.
> 
> Then he says: "Bye bye now. Look for me in the dark."

They are not too happy with that. They split up the party: Djeke and Arya are going to their aunt and uncle. Serilious to the island to tell them about where the vampire is and Enkido is looking for tracks of the nasty druid he was following. Rafael and Owlivia (the owl of Serilious) keep watch on the vampire house).

At the gate Enkido, with his tiger. Is halted. The guards a top the wall are afraid but determined to capture the evil druids who burned down their food for the wet season. Enkido should drop his "weapon" ("walking" staff) and step away from the beast. Enkido does so but when 4 guards try to catch his tigers (With a net) he has enough. A small skirmish ensues and Enkido changes into a large vulture. The guards, afraid attack and deal some damage before Enkido manages to escape with his tiger and his staff. Only one commoner died because the archers missed Enkido and hit bystanders.

Meanwhile, Serilious is at temple island and discussing with Daddy Ray on how to attack. Daddy Ray is able to gather some warriors (six of them). Serilious thinks this is not enough warriors. While they are discussing the alarm bells sound: a large vulture with a small tiger is approaching through the air. The ballistas are loaded and are aimed. The vulture remains outside of range.

There is some commotion on the island before Serilious with the aid of Zhetra convinces the Koroktal that this is a friendly druid. The Tiger becomes large.  The vulture changes into a human. Some spell is cast. And Enkidu, riding a flying tiger, approaches the island. He talks with Zhetra who explains to him that he should not act so stupidly. He fertilizes some land a couple of meters away to show his true colors. Fine. In the mean time Serilious, now with Daddy Ray and 12 knights move to the house. They feel this is not enough and Enkido is dispatched to get Djeke and Arya.

Djeke and Arya, had arrived at their families house and had gifted the insects they found in the tower of light (in the mine), Aunt Katana actually seemed happy with that! They were having a nice dinner until Enkido disturbed them. They follow Enkido and Arya manages to persuade Daddy Ray to wait with the until dawn.

Rafal, Owlive and Enkido in the wild shape of Heron (Reiger) watch the house.  The knights enter the houses of in the corners of the square. They do this with a lot of noise and Enkido persuades Rafael to find Djeke.

Djeke and Arya in the mean time recognized a tune a bard is playing. The bard is just playing it on the street. It is the same tune that was played in the druid caverns/maze under Korokno. They question him and Djeke plays with him (the same song), Arya performs with her amazing tumble skills and a crowd gathers.

Djeke fascinates the bard, and then suggests that he tells everything he knows about the song. The bard says, fine. "But you should hear it for the full experience". Enkido and Rafael in the mean time arrive (not that the Heron is in armor, because Enkido has a crystal that keeps the armor in wild shape) and a discussion emerges. Enkido tells Arya and Djeke that they should come help, because the knights invaded two houses near the house they are watching. Arya and Djeke say no and the Heron follows them to some large house.

The bard says they should lose the (Koroktal) capes and the bird. They do so and enter the house. Enkido also enters the house after bribing two thugs who were standing in front of the door.

Inside are lots of thugs. At least 20. Most of them armed. They sing the song on the melody of Space Lord by Monster Magnet:

> He's been stuffed in the cavern for the last hundred years
> When he dont get his bath he takes it out on the slaves
> So grease up your gear for a ball on the hill
> And sharpen them swords now, and swallow those shrooms
> And sing ohhhhhhh, space lord mother
> Huh, uh huh
> 
> Theres a corpse in the field now, in a pool of red blood
> Once fought for the chickens, but now works in his name
> He will be drinking your blood, while you are licking your wounds
> Well, they will all fall and we will show them the way
> and they'll sing ohhh, space lord mother
> huh, yeah
> 
> We left our worries a million miles away
> We'll drink the good ale
> and sing the praise every day
> Give him the strength
> and split the city in two, yeah
> we eat all the time, and now we will gonna eat you
> and we all sing
> 
> Built in his nightmares and using his name
> He'll be stroking your cortex and you will join in his fame, ahhh
> we'll squeeze out the weak and we'll drown in his love
> conquer them all for a position above
> And sing oh, space lord mother
> Yeah, oh yeah
> 
> We left our worries a million miles away
> We'll drink the good ale
> and sing the praise every day
> Give him the strength
> and split the city in two, yeah
> we eat all the time, and now we will gonna eat you
> and we all sing
>
> We all sing space lord mother
> Space lord mother, space lord mother
> Space lord mother
> 
> he lost his soul when he fell to earth
> injustice called for the void of his birth
> The time has come for us to start his game
> Now open wide and say his name
> Space lord mother, space lord mother
> Space lord mother, space lord mother
> Space lord mother, space lord mother
> ...

Afterwards he is willing to answer some questions. No they do not think that Space Lord Motherfucker is his real name. Yes they believe food and good ale will be delivered. None of them seem to do shrooms but he gladly offers Enkido some. Then they leave and the session ends.
