---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 14"
---

The party advices Zhetra to continue the conscripting and training of the local populace. They were promised a mirror, but none is at the ready. Zhetra eventually writes a note that they can take the mirror in the main hall with them. They also get a note from Daddy Ray, after really being annoying about it, that they can take Tor with them. In the main hall they find out that the mirror was embedded in the wall (the temple was built using mud to stone), and that they have to basically tear down the wall in order to take the mirror with them.

They find that too much trouble, and Djeke just attempts to scry right then and there on the concept of the master vampire. That did not really work out, but they could try it again next day.

They meet Tor and he is quite pissed about having to stop his training. While he searches for a replacement the party spars with his trainees. Boole has a LOT of trouble handling one of the really persistent dudes (lots of grapples etc, was really nice) but finally they win. When Tor gets back he is quite disappointed to see his little group of trainees being beaten into some pulp (they were still okay though).

The prettiest boat of the Koroktal was reserved to transfer them to the island.  It was utterly destroyed as two water elementals attacked their party. It was a bit of a hassle of in the water, but Arya managed to dispell the largest one in the end.

In the square, still soaked, Djeke is confronted by Ti-ak who is ammusing a crowd of people by making fun of the party. They contest and bet the badge of Ti-ak for Djeke's ukelele. Djeke wins by fascinating Ti-ak and gains his badge of valor.

They go into the house, find a senile old lady who ask if Djekese, whom she recognized as Billy, has any cookies. They chat with the lady but finally they enter the cavern and are attacked by Shadows. They drain quite a bit of strength and thus they head back to the island to try the next day with better preparation.

Back at the island they train some dudes to kill the time. Djeke and Zeltan both train "regular" dudes. Arya tries to set up a network of spies and informers.  Boole tries to train a cleric.

The next day they are healed up and try the house again. The old lady is sitting in her rocking chair, rocking it. The chair is faced with the back to the entrance. Boole detects evil, charges, and the lady with the chair explode in one huge sonic boom.

They enter the dungeon again. Take the left route. Find a trap, and Zeltan throws a stone on it which starts a sound behind them. It sounds like a boulder coming down the dungeon. They start running, falling over trip wire, fight some shadows which are in the way. Boole uses the scroll to cast a wall of stone, and uses Mildred to block it even further. This actually works quite well.

They find a dead end with all kinds of squashed bones and backtrack. The take the central cavern but turn around when the walls grow nearer to each other, making it impossible for Mildred to pass through without squeezing. So they backtrack and take the right cavern.

It makes a quick turn and lowers down into a swampy moldy place. From the ceiling hang some stalactites which Djeke quickly recognizes as no stalactites at all. His amazing 1 skill in knowledge dungeoneering ... Arya whelms them but they head back when they feel sick of all the mold, Arya is drained from some intelligence.

They go through the middle cavern and squeeze their way through the central cavern (they did some exploring by casting light on an arrow and shooting it ahead). They are attacked whilst squeezing through the narrowest part by shadows because they were discussing, for quite a while, how to handle the door at the end of the cavern. They finally get trhough and just use the knocker.

A zombie butler opens the door. In the first room they see 4 zombie dogs, all of different kinds. In the second room, on top a platform, sits a guy with a black full plate on a throne. The spikes on his armor have blood on them which constantly move. He says "Welcome, I have been expecting you." And the session ends.
