---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

They open the door and find a smashed up armory. Most of the weapons are gone, but they do find a silver long sword and 10 silver arrows. They continue down the hall and find a rather strange room.

The room has two large "windows" outside they see the sun set high, shining brightly. They appear to be in a higher building, looking over a desert city.  The city looks full of life but is frozen.

They find Brute Gauntlets in the left window, and Gauntlets of Weaponry Arcane in the right window. On the walls hang art and music instruments. In the centre of the room is an altar with a book on it. On the ground are notes in a circle.  Above the window is a large 6. To the right is another door.

In the book they find a note with blood on it, it says

> I am never far
> From the sun, I shall come,
> Bringin light to scum
> 
> Always *speak* your mind
> know how I identify
> No one gets left behind
> Babe, lets crucify

The book contains old songs with a deserty flavor about it. The party tries out a lot of stuff but in the end they just move on to the next level.

The next level contains one window, above it is a five. The light flickers.  Statues are in the room, some are broken, on the floor are broken pieces. When the party is in the centre 3 spring to live. Living statues! The party fights, Oak nearly dies. But then a figure and a dog charge into the room! Aiding them in the fight.

Afterwards, he introduces himself as Zultan. He does not want to tell the party at all what he is doing here. The party wants to get some rest. Zultan wants to stay in the main room (so no one can escape). The others find it more safe in the top room. After some discussion, Boole and Zultan go back to the main hall and explore the other hallway. They find two shafts (one is inhabited by a spider), and one room.

The room contains a table. On the table are two half filled cups with wine. The chandelier has candle which is still burning (it nearly burned out). Also on the table are some cards. A pile in the middle and two hands near two chairs.

Boole and Zultan explore further down the hallway and find a staircase spiralling downwards. They decide to go back to the room to get some night rest.

The next day they go down the tower. Each level counts has another number which
counts down:

- 4. large round table (knights of the round table style). Underneath is a severed foor. The find a force shield ring and a brute ring
- 3. 9 death dogs are locked in cage. They break out as the party enters the room.  They are easily disposed off.
- 2. a library is destroyed. Djeke finds a book with (real) golden letters. It contains old fairy tales with a deserty flavor. Zultan recognizes some.
- 1. All kinds of spices are stored here. Djeke and Arya take some for their aunt.  They also find a jar with some strange insects in them. They eat dried leaves which are stored next to the jar. They take both.
- BOTTOM. Boole says "Choir the Undead Deader, I summon you". A small sword, shining with light, descends from the sun on the ceiling and finds its way to Booles hand.

Many of the levels had windows similar to the two on the top level. The windows confirmed their descent.

The next room is a large hall. There are 4 tables in the room and to the right stands a figure. The figure is looking at a painting on the wall. The figure is wearing a black full plate and claims to be SUZAN!

A fight ensues. Arya casts haste on the party and slows Suzan. Suzan can not really do anything in this manner, but luckily she is a vampire with an AC of 30 something. Suzan is pinned by Mildred, but she assumes gaseous form but Arya casts dispel magic and the fight continues.

Boole hits his lay on hands and then Djeke scores a critical hit. BAM Suzan explodes in a gasous form once again, but this time she drops here weapons (flail, hvy pick), here full plate, a bag with gems and a golden/yellow feather.

Arya picks up the bag of gems, Zultan the feather. Zultan is pissed and charges after the gaseous cloud. They chase Suzan through many caverns when she moves through a door.

The party opens a door and find a large room. In the centre of the room (though they can not see the walls) is platform with a coffin. A path between 16 sarcophagus is open directly from the door to the coffin. However, at the end stands a figure in a full plate. He says "Oh my, so it has come to this". He then flicks his fingers and from the sarcophagus come 16 mummies!

Djeke and Zultan are frightened and both flee. Boole covers the retreat while Arya also pulls back.

They regroup and want to find a choke point to kill all those bastards! They do not want to sleep because they are already fully healed up. However, Boole expended all his lay on hands and turn attempts. Arya does not really have that much spells left.

They make their way to the main hall to think of how they are going to solve this problem.
