---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 9"
---

Oak puts the tents down. No one heals. Mildred keeps the first 7 hours of watch, Oak will do the last hour.

Everybody wakes up in the middle of the night: Mildred screams an agonizing "beeeeh". The party rushes outside. Tomas, with his 10 HP, is the first one out and sees two tumbling mounds. One of which is engaged with Mildred, the second one slams into him. Bringing him down to 0 HP.

The rest of the party rushes outside. Arya can not do here mind affecting spells on these plants for she does not understand the minds of plants. Boole smashes away. Djeke whips a bit, dealing some fire damage.

Tomas tries to escape the grapple and fails. The thorns pierce Tomas' skin starts draining its blood. Tomas dies.

The other plants are quickly dealth with. Tomas' corpse is put in the bag of holding while his gear is divided among the survivors.

Luckily, the party now has enough camels for everybody (Boole's camel died in the battle with the devil). They slay some dried up walking corpses (ashen hulks or something). And reach the badlands before the mountains.

They walk paralel to the badlands until they find two pillas. The pillars are old, and crumbling down. They are VERY old. On top of the pillars there are two large birds with flames at their wings and head. The party sees the resemblance to the symbols used at the desert city in the drawings in the cavern at the oasis but fails to know (fail knowledge checks) it is actually a pheonix.

Behind one of the pillas is a tiny face with a head made of palm tree leaves.  Djeke recognizes it as a similar creature which came to listen to him when he played a really nice song at the oasis. So, naturally, he starts playing a song again.

The creature folds two tiny wings out here back. It looks like the wings are made sand. She smiles as she flies away from he hiding spot, flying circles in the air of joy. Afterwards she applauds with her tiny hands.

She explains that her name is Dey and that she heard 3 things about the party:

1. Mike the beetle is glad Boole saved him. Now he has enough food for his children and himself.
2. The song played at the Oasis was nice and peaceful after the evil ostrich riders nearly destroyed it.
3. The evil ostrich riders were not even met by violence, and yet they could still move on.

This is why she will give some hints for the party. Evil men came, even ostrich riders. And since then no good one was seen. She knows however that the good men were forging a sword: Choir the Undead Deader. It is at the botttom of the tower. Then she dissapears.

The party walks down the path that is indicated by the two pillars. The party leads them to the mountains. At the mountains they enter the cave. In the walls in the cavern are the known cactus arrow. One of the arrows pins a raven to the wall.  The right paw of the tiny bird is riped out of its body.

After about 20 metres they see two enormous broken down doors. One lies on the floor the other still hangs, but is very broken down. In the dark they can only see broken tables and chairs and, two feet. They hear some noise from behind the dark.

The two Koroktal zombies are quickly destroyed by Booles turn undead. The two feet belonged to another Koroktal corpse. It are Nik, Piersklata and Koth. Of squad B (they see by the dog tags).

They now see that in the room in one corner bird cages were rampaged.  Furthermore there are two hallways that lead further into the mine.

The take the left one stop for the first door. Then the session ends.
