---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 15"
---

The guy in the bloodied black full plate seems nice. He starts by telling the party that they can leave now and that they will not be harmed. "Just walk away, I wont come after you. Alternatively, if you choose to stay my butler can offer you guys something to drink. Afterwards I will kill you. ALL of you.". Boole responds that of course, they will not leave nor accept defeat.

"Very well." The guy responds. In that case I ask you not to bother my collection. I went through a lot of trouble collecting those! The party seems relieved. The guy immediately starts casting spells, starting with deeper darkness according to Djeke. The result of this is that the next room, which was lit by two torches on top of the is completely dark. The only light source are the four torches in the hall (in which the party currently is) and Choir, the undead deader.

The party looses some time before they start to actually do stuff. The zombie walks away, and in a large nasty spider being summoned among the party. They make quick work of this and then Boole enters the room. He immediately falls into a covered pit (20 ft) with poisoned spikes. As the party lifts Boole out of the pit they hear the guy walking around in the dark room in his full plate.

Next, the guy starts to summon once more. Boole charges but falls into the next trap: a large net. Zelton manages to bypass any traps that could remain and scores a couple of critical hits. The guy loses his concentration and with that, his spell. Arya tries to cast hold person but fails and Djeke continues singing.

With haste, everything is easier. Even still, the guy manages to hit Zelton, and Zelton feels the pain of his poisoned two handed great sword (con damage).  After more critical hits the guy is already almost down. As a desperate attempt he heals himself (lay on hands) and orders all his zombies to attack, including some Shadows (they encountered previous sessions in the caverns) that do nasty str damage.. The next round he walks through the wall: it was an illusionary wall.

The party pursues, the guy is still in retreat. He stands in a doorway. Boole, is right behind him with the parties only light source: Choir. The guy sunders Choir (smite good, motherfuckers!), closes the door and the party is left in complete darkness.

It takes a couple of rounds before Djeke manages to retrieve their light orbes from the backpack Boole is carrying. Zelton and his dog continue to charge but the guy manages to run to his stables, and jump on his horse. A wild chase ensues while Boole stays behind to take care of the zombies.

The party, hastened once more. Chases the guy through a large cave which ends up somewhere outside in the countryside, next to the river. Haste is finished, and the guy seems to get away. Djeke and Arya walk back through the cave.

Zelton is not done that easily. He commandeers/steals a horse of some peasants riding a tilt car and tracks the guy as he retreats to the hills. He catches up with the guy and he, seeing that Zelton is now alone, stops on top of a hill.

"So, without your friends. Still brave and stupid. Very well.". Zelton throws a javelin, misses and approaches carefully. Then they both charge into a spectacular crash Zelton. After a critical, Zelton is hurt badly. A consequent strike drops him of his horse as he falls down, unconscious.

Meanwhile, back in the underground hide out Boole takes care of the zombies.  Disposing of the last one in a horrifying manner that is not at all paladin like. He walks back to the throne room as the Shadows lurk in the periphery of his light orb. Then, he sits on the throne (which proudly shows the Shyamas affiliation) and mumbles "now, this is mine" and falls.

When Arya and Djeke return they find that Boole left the magical back pack, but they can not find Boole anywhere. They cautiously loot the place. They find one room that is used as living room and bedroom. There is a note on the desk there that says 

> They are coming your way. Do not harm the paladin. We have plans for him. 
> ~SLM~

(in the all too familiar handwriting). In the next room they find a dojo with ragging dolls made of straw and wooden training weapons. They find that the third room is a storage room: there is lots of food there (enough to feed a village), and seeds and barrels of tiny, near-worthless coins.

They continue exploring the hallway and find a room with an illusionary wall to behind the throne. In this room there are weapons, a kettle with poison, and a small chest with gems. Furthermore they find two potions they remember as darkvision potions.

They continue down the hallway and encounter something strange. The ground tilts to become the side wall and then the ceiling (in a corkscrew manner), where the ceiling has become the ground and vice versa there is a golden port. They examine but can not find traps. They step onwards and notice that the gravity slowly reverses so that the ground is always in the direction of the gravity, and so they end up walking on the ceiling, which was always the ground. Djeke has never seen or heard from something like this. He knows magic but could not have imagined something like this.

Above the portal there is a plate with some text: "Stand before me, speak the name of my creator and pass or fail and fall into the oblivion". As they look upwards (or downward, depending on where you are) they see a large, and very deep, chasm.

## Prologue for Enkidu
Enkidu is at an annually/monthly (at full moon) druid gathering. This is located in the woods. The druids sit in the shadows of ancient trees, which have grown in a circle.

The topics range from taking care of local wildlife to stopping civilization cutting trees to build their navies to funny and cute anecdotes about ducks.

One druid, Enkidu knows him as Dab, breaches a new subject, he explains that "distasteful knights, wearing the worst kind of armor" have recently sought out his spice garden and destroyed it. Now he seeks seeds of the Guffin weeds so he can start a new.

Enkidu immediately discerns this is a blatant lie. Enkidu also knows that in obscure magic potions Guffin weeds can be used as a nasty poison: paralyzing the victim with pain. Most druids mind their own business but are not too to bad to help each other out a bit. One druid with blood red eyes, and a permanent scowl on his face trades some of the Guffin weed with Dab.

The meeting concludes with the usual meditation session. As Enkidu closes his eyes and meditate about the usual druid stuff (tree, bushes, animals etc) he senses someone entering his personal space. He opens his eyes and see Dab making a final jump, changing into a Leopard in mid-air. A reflex is to be made or it clashes into Enkidu (no damage).

 This is unheard of, and should be punished. Enkidu pursues the nasty Dab and follow his scent to a car. On the car is a man bleeding to death. Enkidu, in tiger wild shape carefully approach the frightened woman and cast cure light wounds and then run on. Enkidu loses the option to catch the nasty druid, but follow his tracks in the direction of Korokno ...

