---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 20"
---

<figure>
<a href="{{site.baseurl}}/images/outcome20/korokno_region.png">
<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/outcome20/korokno_region.png" style="width:80%;" />
</a>
<figcaption>
Map of the region of Korokno.  Click for full-size image.
</figcaption>
</figure>

The party stays on the carnival terrain for some time. Everything is cleaned up
and goes back to normal. Sneak sneaks up on them. She is just making small talk
and leaves when she hears about the village being raised by black knights. So
they eat some desert chicken on a stick that tastes like armadillo and then
decide to scry on Boole. They first contemplate creating a pool of water by
pissing. This does not work well. Then Djeke decides to just scry himself using
their fancy mirror. Turaku patrol the streets now, so they have to be careful.

They find out Boole is sleeping in a very dark place, they can just make out
some beds in the deter glow of some armore. They awaken him by trying to cast
message.  Boole does not understand what is going on but does recognize Arya's
voice. He tells her to get out safely or they will notice that they will meet a
horrible fate by his hands on the battlefield. John the black guard also wakes
up from the commotion and tries to calm Boole down.

Scrying once again costs another hour of casting time so they decide to go find
the black guard lair but they will take the outside entrance. They leave through
the city gates. The Turaku guards are not friendly and asks the party where they
are going and they warn them that in the gate will close at sun down.

They find the entrance to the cavern without too much trouble. They see that the
cavern is in worse shape than the last time. They see horse tracks and think
that the riders Enkidu saw earlier originate from here. Enkidu casts some spell
to see if his deity knows if he is in danger. He receives 'peril' and they
continue.

The 'house' is completely abandoned and empty. The throne room is trapped with a
deeper darkness spell. They notice the throne room is overgrown with plants.
Someone definitely took some effort to get a lot of dirt and the like down
there, to simply plant a lot of plants! Unfortunately, some of them are trying
to strangle them. Enkidu changes into a rhino and simply demolishes ALL of it.
He sees a shade fleeing through the other wall. They are not fast enough to
follow it but they end up at the magical gate. Serilious thinks this gate is
awesome. A discussion ensues on what to do. Before consensus is reached
Djeke and Arya decide to head back to the city gate in order to be back before
it closes.

At the gate they are allowed in, but not Enkidu in wildshape rhino-form and
Myrtle the tiger. Enkidu accepts, moves to a distance and then airwalks with
Myrtle on his back ... The other three meanwhile meet up with Sneak. She says
that the warnings about the villages fall on deaf mans ears at the Turaku. Most
are explained away with the stories of the trolls that sometimes raid the land
in small hunter parties. She gives the party a map of the region around Korokno
and points to some place where the majority of the alleged attacks have taken
place.

The next day the party leaves. Out of character the party looks up the survival
feat for the tracking experience. They notice that survival can be used to
predict the weather, so, in character, they ask Enkidu to predict the weather.
He notices that he can make no prediction as the weather is magically influenced
..  dun dun dun.

So, they find and follow the tracks of the knights, but loose the tracks near
the village of Yord. They decide to go to yord, and in Yord they speak with some
people at the inn. The stories of the ferris wheel have already reached Yord.
They ask for info on the raids and the bar man says they should not speak to
loudly of the attacks and suggests the party seeks out ranger Rob and his wolf
Pillin 'about trolls instead' (wink).

They do speak with Joe, some drunkard, and a low bard named Wijoja. Wijoja is from
Katak and will definitely wijojo your waaajoo up. When he learns Arya and Djeke
are also from Katak they exchange niceties. Unfortunately Arya and Djeke know no
one Wijoja knows, except one fat dwarven inn owner. He tells the story of Yord,
a warrior that rallied and trained 80 men at arms to stop a ravaging band of
trolls that had been raiding and burning down the country side for a couple of
months. He will definitely not come troll hunting.

They leave Yord to seek out ranger Rob, they find him and sure he knows what
they are talking about. He comments the party on this most accurate map! He can
take them to hunt trolls, take them to the burned villages or take them to the
woods where he saw tracks leading to and fro. They decide the woods where the
tracks lead seem best.

Halfway ranger Rob reaches down and grabs some troll feces. He smells them, and
says they are close. They spot the trolls nearly immediately afterwards. As
Serilious watches them from quite a distance he sees the troll take aim and
throw a javelin at him. The trolls laugh as it nearly kills Serilious, then they
charge.

Fireballs, blam blam! More fire by Enkidu. The two normal trolls are taken down
rather quicly, but the last one has a chainshirt, battle axe and throws
javelins. He is more difficult, but the party manages. Afterwards they find some
loot and approach the small forest.

