---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

<figure>
<a href="{{site.baseurl}}/images/outcome21/kiru_region.png">
<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/outcome21/kiru_region.png" style="width:40%;" />
</a>
<a href="{{site.baseurl}}/images/outcome21/kiru.png">
<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/outcome21/kiru.png" style="width:40%;" />
</a>
<figcaption>
Maps of the region of Kiru, and the city map of Kiru.  Click for full-size image.
</figcaption>
</figure>

The party considers moving into the small forest right now. But they decide to
rest for the night to have all their spells available. They will spend the night
in Yord. Once there everybody seems delighted to hear about their wasting the
trolls. A party is called for in the inn. In the street of the inn they hear a
lot of noise originating from the inn, the man they spoke earlier, Joe, is
tossed throught the shutters that closed the 'window'. Before he passes out he
says that a huge man got into a tantrum after someone commented on his shoes.
Djeke heals him and they enter the inn.

Inside they see the huge man puffing and resting, there are some other folks
also nearly passed out. They exchange niceties, the man is Horg and he likes
to smash things up. After the news of the troll the party quickly gets started.
The whole village enters the inn. When Djeke plays a song he learned from a
dwarf on a boat in Katak Horg eyes begin to twinkle and he immediately starts
dancing wildly. After the song he comes up to Djeke and says that he loves
Djeke, and he gives him a very, very thight hug. When Ranger Rob enters he
tosses the three beheaded troll heads into the inn and the party gets even more
wild. Enkidu doesn't like all those people and hangs out with Billy and Myrtle
outside.

The next morning the party leaves, there are still a couple of hard asses
drinking, but thats okay. Horg, who fell asleep at the floor, eagerly stands up
and joins Djeke to smash some anything.

The approach the forest. Ranger Rob will scout for tracks around the forest. The
party approaches. They hear a whistle and decide to move towards the treeline
from where the whistle originated. A flare is fired from the forest, signalling
the whole area. The party is very tactfully, and carefully approaching. Enkidu
and Serilious fly over the tree lines. A scouting monkey Enkidu spawned suddenly
dissapears, they only see some arrows sticking out.

They can not see the enemy and it turns out they're digged in camouflaged
trenches.Popping in and out like Meerkats. Horg charges the line. After he
destroys one archer he screams [DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU MESS WITH THE
WARRIOR?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTngBI51gJc). Enkidu summons a bear at
160 feet that splashes to its death immediately. They manage to take out more of
the archers. Horg one shots a tree where one of the archers hid.  Arya then
slides the throat of the bleeding fellow. The last archer remains well hidden in
a tree some where further away. He manages to get a couple of shots in before
Horg again smashes the tree he was hiding in. This one they keep alive.  They
take all his stuff (among of which a very nice +1 shadow chain shirt and an
awesome bow) and start questioning him.

It turns out he is guarding this hide-out. Every once in a while the knights
come and raid a village he scouted earlier. There are more hide-outs in the
country but none of them so big as this one, and not all of them are always
manned. Serilious finds out he is hiding something by casting 'detect thoughts'.
Arya proceeds to question him telepathically as a 'good cop' with glibness. He
spoils the beans, 'I would never say this out loud. I'm dead if they after find
out I shared this information. John the Knight of the night and Boole left in
search of something! I really do not know what'. Afterwards they let him go.

Meanwhile they search the very nice house carefully and find a stack of research
papers. Some are about undead, from zombies to skeletons to vampires. One
describes a powerful altar that channels negative energy from the cosmos. The
altar is described to be lost to the sands of the hot deserts a couple of
hundred years ago. Djeke remarks that it looks somewhat similar in the
vision/time travel experience they had a long time ago, where it was used in
some sort of ritual. They conclude they now know what Boole and John are looking
for.

They take the food that was stolen from the nearby villages and stored here.
They meet Ranger Rob who says he saw two tracks leading south (the same
direction the bad ass archer said John and Boole went). They bring the food to
Yord and ask Rob to track the tracks. They spend the night near Tull and then
follow the tracks to Kiru. There they give Rob 50 GP for his services and enter
the city.

The gate is a hustle, they have a LOT of weapons. They ask the guards if they
saw two black knights. The guard says 'yes, it was strange. They would not take
their armor off, which is okay, but these guys did not even open up the visors
of their helmets.' After checking the books the guard says they both left very
early this morning. In the newbie-Inn they speak with the barman, from whom they
learn that the knights probably went to buy desert gear.

Enkidu visits Reyes pelts where he, after asking for the weather, gets a lecture
on skinning. The party visits Golo Pawn shop where they get crappy deals for
crappy stuff. They buy a map, books, and 2 desert outfits. They visit the arena
for games and see some orc on orc action. But the real tournaments are not for 2
days later.

