---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
title: "Outcome 24"
---
The party figures they still have time to check out what is behind the magical
gate before it is too late. They take the ferry to the city and then walk
through Pikur city centre and then Kak. However, the gates just close as they
approach the outer gate. 'Lock down', the guards say. The whole city is closed
and nobody enters or leaves the city until sunrise.

The party finds another way, they take a right and see the church Boole built. A
Shyama prayer is in session. Enkidu casts stone shape to create a hole in the
city wall. This does not go unnoticed by the guards, so they quickly run away.

Once in the black guard lair they see that it is still a bit overgrown with
plants. In what once was the throne room they find a wooden table with a wooden
chair. On the table is an extinguished oil lamp, some papers and ink. The only
thing they find is an unfinished song:

> [A Hard Rain’s A-Gonna Fall](https://youtu.be/7lLMansJbFY) By: MOFOTOE
> 
> Oh, where have you been, my druidy friend? \\
> Oh, what has happened, I cannot comprehend \\
> I've stumbled through dirty streets of this ugly hole \\
> I've walked and I've crawled through all these dark halls \\
> I've searched inn the middle of enough sad forests \\
> I’ve been out in front of The Dozen Dead Swamps \\
> I’ve been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard \\
> And it’s a hard, and it’s a hard, it’s a hard, and it’s a hard \\
> And it’s a hard rain’s a-gonna fall \\
>
> Oh what did you see, my druidy friend? \\
> Oh, what did you see when you found your dead end? \\
> ...

Djeke plays the song, it sounds like Bob Dylan!

At the magical gate Serilious says the name he found in the research: Nka of
Norptot. The gate buzzes and then zaps him with electricity. The party then
simply walks through which is actually perfectly possible. Serilious does notice
an alarm spell going off.

They quickly arrive at a large round opening which they recognize from a
dream/time travel adventure. In the middle are some moats for blood in the form
of a figure. There are some crates, an empty armory and cages with starved
people (dead people) in them. They see a humanoid creature guarding a door to
the right and they see another hallway leading somewhere on the left.

As the party enters the creature comes to live and starts firing lazers from its
eye (its one red Cylon like eye). The party fails to scratch it while the
creature, they now learned is called THE DEFENDER, sucks out Horgs life and uses
it to enhance its own powers.

Serilious polymorphed in a nine headed (whats this thing called again). But was
paralyzed by a hold monster spell. When he finally breaks free he quickly pins
THE DEFENDER and they start hacking away at it. At this point Djeke and Horg
already tactically manoeuvred/retreated way back to the magical gate. Finally
they seem to have the upper hand/heads when THE DEFENDER next line of defense
goes off: Fear is casted and most of the party runs away.

The party decides that this is okay for the day. They do not have a lot of
spells left. As such they travel back (and see that the guards are repairing
the hole in the city wall) to temple island where they sleep.

The next day is council meeting day! They want to convince the council to end
martial law but they need a majority in the council to do so. As such they will
try to persuade Smoke, head of Pikur, that the King and other bad guys are after
him!

The council is at midday, so the party enters the Joly Jok at around eight.
There are some citizens in the inn, but also quite some Turaku. Arya, with
glibness talks herself all the way in the chamber of Smoke. There they discuss a
lot of things. Arya convinces Smoke that the King is currently trying to kill
him! (Smoke sends out Fire to quickly assemble the men to protect him). Smoke
explains why business is good now! He is making LOTS of profits, and he shows
Arya a gold stash. Djeke enters and starts to sing a song about greed and how it
causes downfall. He uses the song to cast suggestion and suggests that voting to
end martial law in the council is in his best interest. Arya continues to talk
and then they leave.

The party does not know if they should raid the tower with the eyes in the
walls, evesdrop on the council, or go back to kill THE DEFENDER and find out
what is behind the door. As such the session ends at 9:00 AM.
