---
layout: post
categories:
- post
title: "Outcome 27"
---
The party inspects the doomsday indicator device that Boole brought as a
present in order to find out a better estimate of the time of the actual event.
After some inspection they guess its somewhere in the morning.

Then a plan is devised to find you where Zhetra is taken. Djeke scries while
Enkidu goes raiding with Horg. Enkidu blasts some lightning bolts. The
lightning bolts do some damage as they are more powerful in the heavy rain.
Zethra is meditating in a cell with a heavy wooden door. The cell is just too
small for her to lay down. Arya hears some commotion when Enkidu strikes the
castle. Enkidu strikes down some foot soldiers and a captain at Trakla castle.
Then they head back and decide to steal three balista bolts that lay on main
square.

Horg is invisible and uses the feather fall ring to float down. However, someone
sees the bolts disappearing into thin air and a small chase ensues. The King and
the bard chase away Horg to some point where Enkidu picks him up and they fly
away.

In the mid day they discuss more plans. They decide to check out the hallway in
the caverns of Nka which was not guarded by THE DEFENDER. Last time THE DEFENDER
did not attack until the party got closer. Now, Arya peeks around the corner and
is instantly blasted. She gains some negative levels. They retreat and do not
try again.

The next morning (D-Day -3) Serilious is reincarnated as an half elf. Serilious
is kind of distraught. He rambles a bit about walking for a long time. He does
not seem focussed. He is rejoiced when he notices that his watch is working.
Then that his magic works again as well. He casts fly and flies around in the
nude, discomforting many of the remaining clerics on the island. After he is
calmed down a bit, and clothed, he tells about the vision of the dragon. He
speaks about a dragon eye turned undead during the eclipse. And then he saw the
dragon doing strafing run on Korokno. He says he saw Kiru being overrun by orcs,
the elven woods burning in a blazing fire and the party dying in Korokno. After
this countless years of slavery and dark times follows.

So they try to go to and bypass THE DEFENDER another time. First a bag of tricks
is used to scout around a bit. Many summoned animals perished but some survived.
Arya casts some eye on the other side of the door. She sees a desk with plans, a
book closet, laboratorium equipment and a morgue like table with a corpse on it.
The plans seem important. Serilious scouts invisibly and finds the corpse of
Keth in a tiny prison like cage on the far end of the underground hall.

Then a plan is formed. It involves polymorphing Myrtle into a hydra and charging
the thing. Myrtle is polymorphed but frozen in place by THE DEFENDER. Serilious
decides to polymoprh Horg into a hydra as well, because why not. Enkidu summons
more animals that have no effect, though some monkeys did get the door open a
tiny bit. Two hydras are too much for THE DEFENDER. Eventually it is pinned down
and scooched out of the way a five foot square. This allows Serilious to raid
the chamber behind it. He hastily puts all the books and everything on the desk
in their bag of holding. Then they get the fuck out of there.
