---
layout: post
categories:
- post
title: "Outcome 28"
---
The party meets up with those who fled and reunites in the throne room of the
black guard lair. They investigate the loot.

From the table:
* trays with different mushrooms, all variants of the one known as the drug
* plans of the solar eclipse (7 over midday is the eclipse)
* black dragon scales. Three of them. About 40 years old.
* research on a black dragon
* science stuff: ratio of dark power, vampiric blood etc
* different kind of sketches of plans to capture said dragon. In the lair, some
cavern trap, in air interception. These are accompanied with a map where the
plans are laid out..
(They recognize the handwriting as that of SLM)
* Teleportation scroll, easy to active, one set location.

From the book closet:
 - about dragons
 - about undead
 - about old folk songs
 - Uzt Nusses war and strategy handbook
 - about reptilians. One is especially nicely decorated with symbols of snakes
   and other reptilians.
- about wood working. It has a magical aura: transmutation.
- conveniently all the spells Serilious choses for his next level are in here
(prying eyes and teleport)
 - other random books with less interesting titles, but hey, they're books, no?

Serilious inspects the wood work books and make a perfect reflex save as a brown
flash (sepia snake sigil) almost catches him. Disaster avoided. There is nothing
interesting in the book.

They inspect the other book with a magic auro and find a secret page. It is
dispelled and they read a personal dairy of Nka: 

> 0 AKT: To my lost niece. The last one I truly loved.
> Your sacrifice should not have been in as much fain as it was. I required the
> enormous powers to take back what is mine and the spell required someone I
> loved, alas.. you.
> Though the nasty druids foiled the most important ritual, their fault has cost
> them an allegiance for centuries, one for each year that you lived. A miserable
> restitution for your life.
> You were the last of my family. However estranged we became, I still love you.
> Know that I will never stop planning and scheming until all of Kor island is
> destroyed. The damned priests, Krelka, Torok and whatever complacent offspring
> they will breed in the coming years.
> 
> 95 AKT: To my long lost niece. The last one I truly loved.
> It has been seven years since my last plans have been spoiled. Though I am
> excited to tell you that I have found a new goal. I have no one left whom I
> love, but I have found a subject on which a weaker spell will work. Though I
> have to wait for another 44 years for our righteous revenge. The subject is a
> dragon. With the tiny eclipse I can channel and strengthen enough of my dark
> authority into the beast to make it mine and increase its power at least
> tenfold. I love you my niece. I will work hard these coming decades so that
> everything is in order when the times comes.
> 
> 139 AKT: To my long lost niece. The last one I truly loved.
> Everything is ready for our revenge. Some bard and his friends are trying to
> spoil my plans. Shyama has whispered in the darkness that she needs them alive
> later on. This is increasingly testing my patience, especially after their rude
> incursion into my house. But I need the alliance for now, and as such I have
> sent them on some goose goose chase to the desert. I shall take my leave soon to
> prepare everything. The next time I write to you it will be within the confines
> of a burning city. Our land shall be ours again.

They gather that Nka will enslave a dragon and make it necrotic. This will
probably happen somewhere in the area indicated by the map. This is a long way
from here.

The party inspects the teleportation scroll. It can teleport the whole party.
Serilious investigates to try and learn where it will teleport them. With the
help of Enkidu's geopgraphic knowledge they learn it will lead them to somewhere
in the area where the plans of Nka are supposed to be performed.

They discuss teleporting right away, but decide to stock up on supplies before
going. They return to the temple island and obtain 1000 gp of oils and stuff for
another reincarnation. Then they disguise themselves to go grocery shopping in
the city. While entering the city they meet Mepped, a paladin of the Koroktal
who was send out as a missionary. He was recalled by Ratata when the order
learned that things were going poorly and that they needed every person they had
to help. Mepped had travelled to Duran and was just coming back. He looked
distraught when the said that he shouldn't enter the city but take a boat to
temple island.

In the city they buy stuff from different people. Among of which a wand of magic
missile, a wand of cure moderate wounds, and a potion of restoration.
Unfortunately they could not obtain a scroll of teleportation.

Enkidu reevaluated the plan of leaving Myrtle, Rafael and Horg behind. He
reckons that they need them if they are going to stop Nka from doing whatever he
has planned at the place where they will teleport to. The downside of taking
them is that Serilious can only transport 3 medium creatures and himself back..
So Myrtle and Horg will be stuck if they have to hurry back.

This discussion is held in an alley in Pikur city centre. They notice that the
water comes up to their ankles. Finally they decide that they need all the
firepower they can get wherever they are going. So they retrieve their
companions from the island and teleport! The time is half past four.

They find themselves in a very dark place. They can just make out a large statue
of Laduguer. Djeke knows that this is a lawful evil dwarven deity. There are two
doors nearby. The first has the symbol of Laduguer above its doors. Serilious
enters and hears a voice that says 'Do not enter this holly place! Leave now!'.
The place smells like blood. He closes the door. Arya takes out an orb to get
some light. They notice that people are rushing towards them, up ahead in the
dark distance.

The other door has letters above it they can not read. They enter and some
shouts in a language they can not understand. It is a dwarf that is forging some
axe. He throws the axe immediately and hits Enkidu who is wildshaped as a bird.
Arya charms the dwarf.

As they hear more people gathering in the distance, the person from what they
assume is the church comes out. He says that they should surrender if they want
to life. The party explains that they just want to leave. Arya figures that if
they surrender (which the party seriously considers) they either end up as
slaves or sacrifice. Djeke fascinates him with his awesome music. Then he makes
the suggestion that it is better for everyone if they are escorted out.

He tries to, and he tries to reason with the small army gathering in the alleys
up ahead (the party still can't see this). They hear something up at the ceiling
and arrows come their way. Someone of the unseen enemy responds to the cleric
with "traitor!" and then "chaaaarge". Arya has now casted comprehend language
and knows that bloods will be spilled.

Horg charges, a fireball of Serilious does damage, a mass whelm of Arya wreaks
havoc. But there are many people. And they are though. Some dudes veins is so
mad, they're about to pop. He is hit heavily but still deals serious damage to
Horg.

Myrtle takes up position on the left flank and tanks a lot of damage. A rider on
a lizard manages to charge Arya. The cleric, seeing his companions being
slaughtered snaps out of the fascination and suggestion and joins the fight.

More lizard riders drop from the ceiling. By now Arya goes down to minus six.
Horg is healed. The battle rages on, but the Duergar numbers are falling now.
The cleric flees, the last fighters are cleaned up and the lizard riders try to
escape.

Myrtle and Enkidu (wildshaped to rhino) go in pursuit of the cleric but change
their mind as Merlte smells more Duergar coming their way.

The party has survived. On a bloodied underground town square they search
through the bodies. Arya already stabbed some to death but a discussion starts
whether or not to kill their fallen enemies, let them live, or take them
hostage.
