---
layout: post
categories:
- outcome
---

## -10
Party has breakfast with father Gregor. Enkidu wood warps another house. Then
they leave for Kiru.

## -9
Another day through the wastelands. Orcs are ignored. The party arrives at the
fortified farms where they stay the night.

## -8
Party arrives in Kiru. They receive lots of gold for the orc heads. The refugee
elves are questioned once again. A not so impressive newbie party is befriended.
They hear about a sail boat to get to Korokno faster.

## -7
The party sails to Korokno. They are told disturbing tales about the
Turaku army which was raised for the attack on the old house. Apparently they
established martial law after some riots in Pikur city centre. After these
events they slowly took over more and more of the city. Dissidents and random
people are arrested in night raids. Zhetra voted with Smoke and the King in
favor of this martial law, because, according to Zhetra, these are the people who
have an interest in the area and will thus do their best to solve it as good as
possible!

But there is hope! Rakka of the spy network Arya established tells that
resistance fighters are doing their best where they can.

## -6
The party meets up with Sneak. Sneak has been killing corrupt Turaku soldiers
left and right. Yesterday night a raid went wrong. Some guard tower was haunted.
The inside of the walls had eyes, and arms there were arms growing out of the
walls! She only barely escaped with her life.

Serilious immediately wants to go and raid this house. Because eyes in the
walls, how cool is that? Djeke wonders about the tactical advantage of clearing
out such a tower. Sneak learns about the magical gate and what knowledge the
party seeks (some name) and points out that the party might find some clues in
the archives of the city. These are in the city library: Caja.

And so the party walks towards the library. There they find a large squad of
Turaku soldiers guarding soldiers which are loading the books onto carts. The
party learns from the tough captain that the books are being transported to a
different part of town (the largest of the newly build towers in Kak) where the
books will be kept safe. All in good riddance for the safekeeping of the city of
course.

The party is not too happy about this, but eventually they back down. Serilious
sneaks into the library and finds that the archives they are looking for are
missing. Enkidu flies around as a vulture and finds that a cart loaded with
booky stuff is going towards Kak. They quickly assemble and raid the cart. It
all goes according to some plan except that Djeke and Horg are left behind. They
are almost taken by a squad that come to investigate but they manage to get
away by running really fast.

Back in the Sneaks tower Serilious starts to read through the archive. Djeke,
Arya and Enkidu would like to see the phony farcy trials: every day at midday
apparently. These trials and the following executions are performed at the
theater.

So they go to the theater and once there the Turaku is being a pain in the ass
about them entering the theater with arms. They manage to persuade the guards
and enter (do they not represent the Koroktal?). Ten people are tied up on
stage. One for one they are charged with some weird offense. And one by one they
receive the death sentence based on little to no evidence. When the executioner
starts to actually chop off heads the party intervenes.

Enkidu starts casting call lighting and sooner rather than later the whole
theater is in chaos. Arya starts a speech, which Djeke later takes over. They
claim that the injustice must stop and that they will fight fully to
'make Korokno great again'.

The guards go on full attack. Panic ensues in the crowd. Some of the party is
hit by spears and arrows, many of which also hit and kill people from the crowd.
Horg goes on a full rampage. The crowd, inspired by the party and maddened by
injustice turn against the guards and start lynching people.

All in all it is quite a bloody mess.

The guards see that there is no hope in controlling the crowd and retreat to
higher ground (the walls). From there they shout out warnings and open fire with
arrows. But the party manages. Horg climbs the wall and starts slaughtering
the soldiers on top. Arya fascinates two whole squads of guards. The crowd
buffed with haste and somewhere Enkidu spawns a healing unicorn to heal the
injured civilians in the crowd.

AND SO THE REVOLUTION HAS BEGUN!

After the arena is cleared the crowd disperses. The party meets up with
Serilious from whom they learn that long long ago, even before AKT 0 Nka of
once had a house: the old house. He always regarded the land surrounding his
house as his own. When people, during the drought: started arriving with the hope
of growing some food on and around the new and god send island that had the only
fertile land in the whole known world he was not too happy.

He kicked as many of the refugees off his property while his neighbours Krekla
of Pikur and Torok of Terpak made deals with the upcoming cleric order. Finally
his land diminished until it was about as large as the square on which the old
house once stood (until the party razed it to the ground of course).

They meet up with Mr. Pink. The leader of Terpak in the current days. He says
they can accomplish a lot. He has loyal Turaku soldiers on his side. He strongly
requests the party to persuade Zhetra to vote with his interest otherwise there
is no stopping the Turaku!

The party agrees but also contemplates options for the council. One of which is
adding Djeke to the council so that they will have a majority. Mister Pink says
that this has not happened since the battle of Trakla castle fifty years ago. A
unanimous decision would be required. Different plans of the party include
preventing people from coming to the council meeting.

Mister Pink promises to assemble the council tomorrow and assumes that the party
will persuade Zhetra to vote in his favor.

The party goes to temple island and tell the good news to daddy Ray who was
brought back from the dead. Then they talk to Zhetra who is on their side and
fully trusts the party. Zhetra promises to vote in Pinks way.

The time is 4:30 on d-day -6 and the session ends.
