---
layout: post
categories:
- post
title: "Outcome 26"
---
The party recovers the body of the druid and fly to temple island in order to
destroy it completely and avoid any nasty resurrections and the like. Once there
they meet up with Daddy ray and discuss the option of waiting with the burning
of the body to have one of the surviving clerics cast speak with dead.

In the midst of the discussion they hear a loud sound coming from Korokno. Above
the city large words start to appear: "Koroktal. must. go. down". Then a loud
voice is heard throughout the city it says: "Koroktal, must, go, down". The
voice speaks: "Mortals of Korokno. This is your god Ke Tur speaking. I have come
to intervene in your world once again.  This Koroktal order is spreading lies in
my name! No more should you trust these liars. Take back what I gave you! Take
back the island and restore proper and righteous order!". After this it repeats.

Spell crafts are made and the party learns that the words are silent images and
the voice is amplified with an amplify spell. The party and the clerics are a
pissed. They try to get closer towards the city and dispel this crazy
propaganda.

Serilious is off first, is hit by an arrow and meets up with the rest of the
party. They are still flying so that is convenient. They ascend to an attitude
that can not really be reached by the archers. They learn that the source of
the council building and once there they see several cloaked figures on roof
tops.

Arya immediately casts hold person, and of the cloaked figures responds with a
fireball. BAM! Serilious goes down to -12 immediately. The party recovers the
body and retreat back towards temple island ASAP. Crowds of people already start
to gather in the Pikur city centre. As they leave they hear someone play a
taunting song on a lute really well.

A tense day of mourning and planning the defense of the island follows. Through
scrying they learn that Zhetra and Mister Pink (who were at the council meeting)
have been taken prisoner by The King (who now has pronounced himself Mayor of
Korokno and pimped his crown).

Defense of the island includes: increased patrols and watchmen on the towers
(where there are two balistas), preparing of the ship of the Koroktal (which has
another balista), contacting of the water people that sometimes live in the
river but have not been seen for a couple of years.

The night is tense but nothing much happens. The people of Korokno are building
siege equipment such as balistas and catapults.

They wake up with rain. A lot of rain. Enkidu notices that the weather is
recovering from begin magically disturbed for some while. The order supplies the
party with 1000 gp worth of oils and herbs so that Enkidu can cast
reincarnation. However ... Serilious declines! The party is frustrated and tries
sending (which miraculously works) to try and ask what the fuck is up with
Serilious.

(Patrick has the exact messages but it was something like this)

> "Why decline reincarnation? Zethra has been taken prisoner. Korokno under siege"

and response something like:

> "Here on Mechanus. It is fucking awesome! Dragon coming towards Korokno.
> Resurrect later"

Arya and Enkidu decide to go on a sabotage mission. Invisible and flying they
first do a scouting run and see that balistas are being built and a catapult.
They quickly enter sabotage mode. In the pouring rain Enkidu casts call
lightning and Arya casts friend to foe. Chaos ensues! They again spot some
cloaked figures on rooftops and towers! One of them casts fireball, blam!

More chaos ensues. At some points Enkidu lands and tries to hide but fails. Arya
dismounts, becomes invisible and disguises herself.

They hear someone making music approach: 

> He`s been stuffed in the cavern for the last hundred years \\
> When he dont get his bath he takes it out on the slaves \\
> So grease up your gear for a ball on the hill \\
> And sharpen them swords now, and swallow those shrooms \\
> And sing ohhhhhhh, space lord mother \\
> Huh, uh huh ...

Enkidu is caught by a cloaked figure who casts web. Just before some person
with a large sword can chop Enkidu up Arya casts dispell and he flies away. But
a bard has arrived! And next to him The King with a new nice crown!

The bard casts rainbow pattern, fascinating Enkidu in mid air. Again Arya
rescues Enkidu by casting fog allowing Enkidu to fly away. However, even though
Arya is invisible she notices that The King comes straight for her! She runs, is
too slow, tries a defense spell but fails! Luckily The King rolls a 1 on the
damage roll. Arya tumbles away, and on top of Enkidu and they manage to get
away.

Damage: one balista destroyed, one catapult destroyed, intel on the bard and the
King, chaos and dead among the foot soldiers of The Turaku.
